Hey, it's not for sale.
Damn trash, give me back this money
I'll have someone give you your dowry later.
Excuse me?
Money and goods together
I will pay attention to this barren mountain now
Industrial
Did you already know
Someone wants a high price for this
The mountains are barren
There are really people willing to tell you the export price, Dad.
Although this barren mountain can't grow anything
But the location is good.
It's normal for people to be willing to buy it at a high price
Damn you
Are you scheming against me?
Believe it or not, I will beat you to death.
You've figured it out
This is my house.
If you touch me
You can't get out of this hospital.
Do you want to die?
Stop
What are we doing?
village chief
Did you hear about your coming this morning?
This family
There will be a temporary dowry in the morning.
He quit the wedding in the afternoon and refused to refund our bride price.
I can't help it either.
Take their barren mountain
Changed our dowry
That's great.
Now someone is willing to pay a high price for this barren mountain
Just wanted to exchange it for their emperor
Do you think there is such a shameless person in this world?
You you what you
Isn't it?
Village Chief, this is a treaty, have you passed it?